# Power-Investment

Decentralised Application name Power Investment that can run on all Cryptocurrency Wallets that uses Decentralised Applications. This Decentralised Application should allow users to invest USDT Tether to purchase USDT mining machines with the following payment options Binance or Coinbase, include a buy button for each plan which leads to this Binance USDT wallet address ( ) and the information contained for each plan starting from $20 to $10,000 USD. Starter plan cost $20 - $100 = %2.3 APY, Basic plan cost $101 - $500 = %4.5 APY, Power plan cost $501 - $1,000 = %6.2 APY, Business plan cost $1,001 - $5,000 = %8.1 APY, Enterprises plan cost $5,001 - $10,000 = %10.00 APY. Before users are able to purchase a USDT mining machine they have to pay the electricity fee of $5 ETH include a button for the electricity fee which leads to this Coinbase ETH wallet address ( ). Withdrawals can be made every month on the day that a user activate any of the USDT mining machines. Example. ( A user activate a Starter plan for $20 on the 5th of February they can withdraw on the 5th of March. The Decentralised Application should have a profile section with a KYC option in order to make a withdrawal, the user Metamask, Binance, Coinbase or Trust Wallet must be connected to the Power Investment Decentralised Application before the user can make any investments. This Decentralised Application should have a wonderful referral program that allow users to invite others and earn a %5 commission from the referral investment for each referral they invite to use the Power Investment Decentralised Application. 
